feat(talk): add documentation for features of 22.0 (#13762)
nextcloud/documentation: user_manual/talk/advanced_features.rst

   :width: 500px

.. image:: images/chat-summary-text.png
   :width: 500px

Call live transcription
-----------------------

> Call live transcription allows to transcribe the speech in real-time during a call. It is set up by the system administration (high-performance backend and `Live Transcription App <https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/live_transcription>`_ are required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call live transcription allows to transcribe the speech in real-time during a call. It can be set up by the system administration (High-performance backend and `Live Transcription App <https://apps.nextcloud.com/apps/live_transcription>`_ are required).
```
